everyone is welcome to this
new video where I show you how
restore your device without
having to necessarily update it with
violet a few days ago is in development
the seed tool wiktor that precisely vi
allows you to restore yours
device then to bring it back to
original condition just like when
it had just come out of the box then
delete any downloaded application
from the app store
every tweak of cydia and jailbreak itself
but without having to update it
to the latest version because it can be
very useful this because for example I
I have my ipod touch 4g with ice and 6.1 e
I have to restore it for any
reason but restoring it with ink
I would have to update it to ios e
6.113 and therefore I could no longer perform
the untethered jailbreak and therefore instead
do restore with iphone i can do
this semi restoration or the
restore using the vi method
I will explain now that it will restore them
your device
but to the firmware you have before
recovery then involved in this
case io or ios and 6.1 10 244 and I will try to
do this if mini store
first I'll show you that every iphone
touch says blogger with cydia
installed and also quite
customized custom can be said
in fact winterboard and I applied the
flat theme for courses or a lockscreen
very redesigned with some widgets e
the jalil hoc tweak that makes me the
different lockscreen similar to that of
android jelly bean
how good of you jalil hoc works
correctly or many notes or multi files
inside my ipod touch and or even
some apps downloaded from the app
store which for example google chrome
all these apps and tweaks e
I will show you various documents
they will disappear once the seeds are made
store but now let's see how
we simply open silvia and we go
su search and search and install the
tweak mobile terminal
here it is, we install it is free and
ipod i mig boss
we have here click on confirmation e
expect an installation to finish one
once done we return silvia e
let's go on manage
modification sources add and add
this rl siri precisely but and rap
space.com spylex info we will add e
we are waiting for a register to be added
once added we open it and to his
internal we install the package to the former
r acts then we open it click on
install and then click on
confirms and means starry
they did return cydia back to the
home and open the terminal just
installed at this point we write the
command rat r acts all attached in
this way you rat and press enter a
this point we will all appear
series of numbers with the various writings
options that we can then choose
obviously each number corresponds to a
option we should write 12 ae
the former semi restore so let's write 12 e
we press enter
now he will ask us if we really want to
continue we write the letter y and
then we send it to start
the semi lumi store
perfect
fake buy written donum reboot
press ye again
then we confirm with
send our device will restart
here it is once it restarts it will be
English but for the moment we go
then to do the initial configuration
so we hear the language and wifi
etc
I had configured our ipod
touch unfortunately yes 10 will still be fine
we will not have completely removed the
jailbreak as it is impossible to
take off without a complete reset
But go about with net we have I
and if 6.1 now allow the language
Italian will just have to go on general
international and on language
select the Italian language of anna
here is we have our idevice in
italian with cydia installed but with
removed all his clicks and all
its extensions then an ipod touch
practically new I don't have the notes anymore
no longer google chrome i have nothing left
except that silvia I remind you that ai
the former wheels are compatible with all
devices then iphone 5 iphone 4s
iphone 4 iphone 3gs fifth touch ipod
fourth generation ipod touch
ipad 4 ipad 3 ipad 2 ipad generation
mini and precisely allows you to do a
together restore without losing the jpeg
because in fact it restores it to the current one
version of ios
I remind you of patterns also to mine
second android linking channel
description, however, my name is exceeding
a mood I greet you and meet you
at the budget video tutorial hello
to all